Hello friends, my name is Jai Sharma and
you are welcome to our
[sangeet]
so let's start
now friends let's talk
about the features of both the companies, what
benefits are they giving you, first of all let's talk
about the company, so friends
if we talk about ICC Lord then IIC
Lord does
its business in India in collaboration with Far Fax Finance, IIC
Lord is an Indian company whereas Far Fax company is a
foreign company, both these companies do
business together, their
business runs in partnership, talking about GoDigit,
friends GodDigit is completely an Indian
company, it does not have a tie-up with any company
and it runs its business completely on its
own, talking about cashless,
you will get cashless garage in IIC Labad for
more than Rs 12000, whereas if we
talk about Go Digit then you will get it here for
around Rs 6500, cashless,
so there is a huge difference in cashless, almost
double the difference and friends it is not that
I am talking about cashless for vehicles, these are
two wheelers  It is also for cars or for four wheelers
or for commercial vehicles,
similarly it is the same here, so the difference is quite
high, so it means that
you will get a very good cashless cover in ASI Lord, but
you will get a little less in Go Digit. Let's talk about
RO Dep. The
company gives you RO Dep for up to seven years. If we talk about ASI
Lord, if we talk about Go Digit, Go
Digit also provides you a road policy for 7 years, in
fact, Go Digit sometimes
gives you a zero dep policy for your road in the eighth year. Let's talk about
claim settlement,
friends, the claim settlement of ICC Lord
is around 97 percent. If we talk about GAT,
then theirs is around 95 percent. Let's talk about
coverage, friends, you
can get coverage from here. Comprehensive policy, on damage
policy, third party policy, similar things you
can get here. You can also get comp policy from them, you
can buy on damage policy, you can take
third party insurance. Let's
talk about AIDS.  That when you take a policy, you
take a comprehensive policy,
you take a compressing policy, you take an on-damage
policy, then what
things can you add in it, so let's talk about
zero down, you can add zero down, you
can add consumer bill cover, you can add engine cover,
you can add return to invoice,
you can add tyre cover, you can
add person belonging, replacement of garage cover,
NCB protection, apart from this,
EMI protect, apart from this, nowadays the new
feature is Pay as you drive, so
you pay according to the amount you drive the vehicle, so
you can also take that from here,
apart from that you can take PA cover which is a mandatory
cover of 15 lakhs from here, driver
cover,
you can take cover for the driver you have hired for your vehicle and
along with that passenger cover,
you
can also take passenger cover for your vehicle according to the setting capacity of your vehicle, let's
talk about Go Digit, so in Go Digit
you can take Zero Down, consumer bill  You
can get engine cover, RTI, tyre cover, personal belongings key replacement, NCB protection, daily convenience, roadside assistance. Now see what is the difference between
these two. Here you are
getting extra EMI protection which
you get in A Lord but
you do not get EMI protection in Go Digit.
If your vehicle is parked in a service centre for
a month or two, then the company
also pays your EMI on your vehicle
but you will get it only in IC Lord,
you will not get it in Go Digit.
And the new feature which has come is Pay as you Drive, you are getting it
in both, you are getting it
in Lord as well, you are getting it in GoJet,
so there is not much difference
here. If we talk about it,
you get extra EMI protection
from AC Lord but you do
not get it in Godet. In the rest of the add-ons, you are
equal in both the things. You
can get equal add-ons from both the companies. You will get almost
all the things but you will get difference in cashless
and you will get difference in the brand of the company.
Everyone knows the branding of IC Lord.
IC Loba is very popular in India.  It has been
working for years and its brand
value is completely different but Go Digit
is a slightly new company, this company has been in existence for four-five years, six years now,
it is still
building its market value in India
but it is also doing well, so from
both the companies, you can buy insurance for your vehicle from
whichever company you get cheaper premium,
lower premium, features are almost the same,
so
you
can buy insurance for your vehicle from whichever company you get lower premium, now friends let's move
ahead and talk about other features of the company,
so number of claims,
you will get two claims of Ro Top IC load,
you can take two claims every year,
if you take more than that in Ro Dep then you will get
compressed claim in it,
but if we talk about Go Digit, then
in Go Digit you get options, you can choose the
option of one claim, you can choose the option of two claims
and you
can choose the option of unlimited claims, there will be a
little difference in premium but there are two
fixed claims, you can choose any option in it  You
cannot choose, apart from this you can neither take limited
nor one claim,
but Go Digit is giving you flexibility,
you want one claim, you want two claims,
you want unlimited claims, you can take whatever you want, it is
your choice and according to me this
feature is a very good feature, there will be a
difference in the premium, there is not much difference, there is a
difference of Rs. 0000 in all three, so
if you have to pay extra,
you can take unlimited by paying extra, if
you feel that brother I do not want to take a claim, then
you can take the option of one claim, you are going to
benefit from it, if we talk about
solvency charges, then it is charged at Rs. 5 in both the
companies, you will be
charged Rs. 5 in both the companies, but if you want,
you can get it free by requesting, meaning
sometimes the company also charges tax and sometimes the
company does not, if we talk about filing then it will be Rs.
1000 and Rs. If your vehicle
is below 1500 cc then it will be charged Rs. 1 and
if your vehicle is above 000 cc then it will be charged there  It
is ₹ and
your file charge will be same in both the companies. Let's talk about
CNG, if you get CNG or LPG
added in your vehicle, then
nobody gets LPG done now, you will get CNG added only.
If the company is coming fitted, then whatever
its value is, it is already added,
you do not have to add it in the IDV, but
if you are getting CNG installed in your vehicle, then
you have to add IDV separately,
so whatever the bill will be, whatever will be the
value of that CNG of that vehicle, that
company will charge you a premium accordingly
and whatever your value will be, the
company will charge you 4% of it, so
whether it is CNG, whether it is electrical
accessories or non-electrical
accessories, if you are getting it added in your vehicle, then whatever will be the
total amount of your bill, the
company will charge you 4% of it, if suppose the
amount of electrical or non-electrical is
₹1 lakh, then the company
will charge approximately 000 for it as per 4%. However, if
suppose the value of CNG is  ₹5000000
then the company will charge you ₹ for 4,
so in both the conditions both the
companies will charge you only for 4. Let's
talk about NCB. You are going to get NCB up to 50.
This is the standard rate in both the companies.
You get only this much in any company. You get
maximum up to 50 only and it is
given as per the guidelines of IRD. In the
first year you will get zero, in the second year
you will get 20, then 25, then 35, 45
and then 50, so the company gives you up to 50.
If you take a claim then it becomes zero
and then it starts again. Let's
talk about coverage,
what things are covered? You have taken your
insurance policy, now you do not
know what things are covered, in case of which you
can take a claim from it, so friends, if your
car meets with an accident then you can take a claim.
You can get any damage done to your car repaired. Naturally
If there is any damage due to calamities, if your
car goes into rain water then it gets
damaged somewhere or if
a mountain falls or any such natural
thing happens due to which your car gets damaged then the
company will pay you there. Let's
talk about theft, if your car is stolen then the
company will pay whatever
amount is there, or if you have ID then the
ID will also be paid to you, if you have taken return to
invoice then it will be paid as per return to invoice,
apart from that if there is a
tax on your car then the company will pay you
whatever is your IDV or the
value of your return to invoice
and this is the same in both the companies. Let's
talk about things not covered, what are the
things that are not covered, then your wear and tear is
not covered. Whatever
small scratches or dents you get in your car which you use daily, the
company will not cover them from you. Whenever your car gets damaged,
take your car to the hospital, be it a
small dent or a big dent.  You can get your car
repaired but you keep collecting the small scratches on your car saying, "
Brother, I will get them repaired later, I will
collect them when my car gets damaged."
Companies do not pay for these,
you will have to get them repaired from your own pocket later. Let's talk about
drink and drive.
If you are driving after drinking, the company will
not pay you, be it an insurance company,
HDFC, or any other
insurance company. The
company is not going to pay you anything if there is a mechanical breakdown. It is liable
only for accidents, natural calamities, theft
and fire. If you are using a car daily and there is
some problem
in your engine, the
company is not liable for that.
If you are driving without a license, if
you are below 18 years of age or your
license has expired, then the company will
not pay you anything. You will have to
pay everything from your own pocket. Let's talk about loss due
to war and nuclear
risk. If there is a war going on with any country,
If your vehicle gets damaged during a war, the
company will not pay you.
Apart from this, if there is any nuclear
risk, the company will not pay you anything there either. The
company is not liable for that.
If
you use your vehicle in sports activities, if
you race, if you use
your vehicle in any kind of sports sector,
then the company
is not liable there and will not pay you anything in that. You will have to pay
everything yourself.
So if we talk
about the features of both the companies, they are almost the same.
Here you get two
claims and here you get
one claim, two claims and unlimited claims.
Here you get many options,
but here
you can take only two claims. Apart from that, here
you get the trust of IC Lombard. It is a
very old company, it does good
work. It has a good name in India
and people trust it.
I have seen some people who get
insurance only from IC Lombard, whether it is
expensive or cheap.  I do
n't care about anyone else, I just want IC Lombard,
but Go Digit is a new company, it is
making its mark in the market.
This company has been in the market for only five years, but this
company is also doing well, so if
you get a good premium,
you can buy it from either of the two companies, but
whenever you buy a policy, then
definitely check in your service center
which company is cashless in your service center and which is
not. You will get more benefit from buying the company which is cashless in your service center. The
first thing you should know is
which of the two companies will be better for you to get insurance from.
Now friends, let's talk about support,
whenever you buy insurance from these companies, what should you do
if any problem arises. So
friends, whenever you
buy insurance from these insurance companies, then you
can also talk to their customer care. If we
talk about help, then the customer number is
18266. You can call the company's number, you
can call if you want to buy a new policy,
you want to get it renewed, you want an endorsement
or you want to get some other things done.
Or if you want to talk about a claim,
you can call the company's number,
apart from that you can also email on the company's email ID, qamar@i.com,
you can also email on the company's email ID,
apart from that you can visit the company's website,
icc.com, for more information, if we
talk about Godigit, then the number of the gadget is
18800 2585 56, so here you can call on the company's number,
their email ID is @
god.com, you can also email the company,
apart from that you can also visit god.com
and you can get more information about this company,
so friends, both the
companies are good, both the companies are fine,
but if we talk about both the
companies, then ICC
Lord is a better company, I am
not saying bad about ICC, but ICC Lord
is a much better company, you are going to
get better service than ISC Lambad, so
friends, this was my video today
about IC Lambad and Gut, so friends,
do tell us how you liked the video, if you have any question, any
suggestion, then ask your question by commenting in the comment section.  You
can ask questions, you can give suggestions if you want,
apart from that, if you
like the video then like the video and
subscribe to the channel, if
you think the video is helpful
then you can also share the video with your friends
[Music]
Thank you